Create Profile for Sam Wagner (#759)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Sam-Wagner/Sam-Wagner.md

---
id: "1dfad0e3-7a05-ed11-82e4-00224814f19b"

qualifications: ""

quote: "Perfomance is the culmination of preparation and courage. That is all."
quoteAuthor: "Sam Wagner"
---

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Azure](../badges/Business-microsoft-azure.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![.NET Core](../badges/Developer-dotnet-core.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![C#](../badges/Developer-c-sharp.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![PowerApps](../badges/Business-microsoft-dynamics-powerapps.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Scrum](../badges/Business-microsoft-dynamics-powerapps.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Angular](../badges/Developer-angular.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![DevOps](../badges/Developer-devops.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![GitHub](../badges/Developer-github.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![Linux](../badges/Developer-linux.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![NodeJS](../badges/Developer-node-js.png)

[[imgBadge]]
| ![SQL Server](../badges/Developer-sql-server.png)

> Sam is a Software Engineer at SSW. Coming form a background in low-level programming, but he has cut his teeth on web development using ASP.NET core, Entity Framework Core and Angular. He's also got experience with the Power platform using PowerApps, PowerAutomate and Microsoft's Dataverse to build CRMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sam is a Software Engineer at SSW. Coming from a background in low-level programming, but he has cut his teeth on web development using ASP.NET core, EF Core and Angular. He's also got experience with the Power Platform using PowerApps, PowerAutomate and Microsoft's Dataverse to build CRMs.
```

## .NET

Sam's loves building WebAPIs with ASP.NET Core, working to build the fastest, safest and most reliable backends he can.

## Angular

> Front-End web development is a subtle love of Sam's. A sneaky designer at heart, he loves all the trials and tribulations that come with building a beautiful front-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Front-end web development is a subtle love of Sam's. A sneaky designer at heart 🦝, he loves all the trials and tribulations that come with building a beautiful front-end.
```
